All right, in the last section, we have successfully imported decisions from next off and we implemented
the signing and sign out functionality in this section, we are going to fix this mini profile section
and also the story path and the other things we need to do before doing that.
Actually, I show you now.
Well, let's run the server.
I want to show you something first.
As you can see from the mini profile, we need the user name of the.
Person who have signed in, but the Google doesn't provide such a data.
What we do here now.
Let's see the console and console, we can see that.
We get the object that has the user.
That is the name, the email and image.
All right.
But we are not getting the username or user I.D. or other things, the things we do, just we go to
nix of.
Yes.
And in under two pages, we're going to add something else called callbacks.
This is special and exclusive to NICS off that is going to change the things we are getting from Google
or other providers like GitHub, Facebook and etc..
So we just need to add callbacks and it's in an object.
We can create an async.
Function that is going to get the session, but the session provides with three things.
This session gives us the session itself.
Give us a token and also the user, so we were using, if you remember we use such session that user
that image forgetting the image, we can get the email as well.
Session that user that email, but we don't have the user name yet.
So we are going to return.
Three things.
First, we want to add the decision.
Dot user.
That username.
The username is equal to sition, and the things I want to do is just the.
So we can see it's made a comeback.
Yeah.
The things I would like to do is just to.
Get the name.
Mick, then lower case and connect them together to create the username.
So here we just get the first the name.
We just say sition that user.
But name and after that is split it, so we split all the tanks, picks up a quote with the hand would
be caught with and that.
We split them by and space.
After that, we join them together, so we'd be caught with the hand altogether.
With no air space and also at the end, we're going to make it lower case with just, say, two local.
Lower case, and we often sort of parentheses because it's a function.
So this is going to be the user name.
The next one is session.
But you said that the user I.D. We are getting the idea well.
The idea is inside this token.
So we just need to write token.
Dont stop talking that sob is the user I.D. that Google gives us.
I find that we are going to return to session.
All right.
No.
We checked our console, we should get something different.
So let's refresh the page.
Still an.
You know, we need to sign in again.
So we got to sign in.
This signing with Google.
And let's sign with the quote, it's again.
So now we are getting the user.
Which has the expires, the.
And the user now has more thinks.
It has the email, image and name, but it gives us the user ID and also the user name, which is good
with that.
This is just the suggestion with someone comes to the website.
This is going to be their username, but actually, this is not the optimal way of doing that.
After that, we should let them to opt to actually modify their username based on their interest.
So this is not going to be covered in our course, but you can edit yourself.
This functionality, and I'm going to help you through it as well.
But for now, you just get the username like that.
But after that, maybe I update the course with this functionality as well.
So.
Let's close the console now we are getting the username so we can modify this mini profile as well.
But first, let's add this functionality if you look at the final version here.
When we sign out, look at first we have the means file now.
But when we sign out with this one, we just have one column.
And we cannot see the meaningful fallout anymore.
But this is going to change the number of columns we have in our website.
So we have to make this feed section here, feed that just this part, the main part, a little bit
dynamic because this is just covering all three columns.
But if you want it to be two columns.
In case we don't have the meaningful for fall or in case we don't have a session, so we are going to
get this session first inside the feta cheese.
So we just say import.
U.S..
From.
Mix of react and we are going to get the decision here.
And you already done that.
So.
We just equal data decision to change the data, me fix this and this is going to be equal to U.S..
With the practices, so we're getting a decision now.
Now, in the main part, instead of having a double code, we're going to use the back tick because
we can add the variable there.
So instead of this, we add the openness, curly braces and a back deck.
So what happens?
Yeah, you just this part to.
All right, now, we can add the variable we need the grid for both of them because it's going to be
great.
And from this side forward, we add a variable.
And we just say, if this situation existed, OK, if this person is signed in, this is the U.S.,
by the way.
And so if this session exists.
Then.
So we do the same things.
So they've cut this one.
Put it here.
Because it's normal because we need the media profile.
But otherwise, if there's no solution.
OK, if there's no solution, we need to change the color.
So I pasted again.
We need to make the column, too.
And also we are going to change the max with from three six excel to three Excel.
All right.
So let's check that if it's working or not.
So we go to our website.
No, actually, it's working already.
It's it.
No, it's two column and the max with is three excel.
And when we sign in.
With any accounts, and I care.
Let's just do with this.
So, no, we have their come here and then everything works like before.
Now, let's change this move for a follow section, so we go to the middle of all that, yes, and.
We are going to.
Actually, we need to firstly bring the obsession.
So first, we don't forget it.
The import.
U.S..
And also, we need this sign out, too, because if you look at the final version.
In with the final version, I show you something.
If you look at the final version in the mini profiles section, we also have a sign out button here.
So we need to have the sign out.
As well, so we just say sign out and we get both of them from Nick's dash off forward slash react.
And then we're going to get the session as it did before.
So session data session from.
And certainly not from equal to use fishing.
So now we have this session.
So instead of having an aesthetic image.
Let's see it here.
Let's refresh the page.
Yeah, you can see this is not a correct image, it's a static image, so instead of this, we are going
to delete this and replace it with fission.
Fish and dart user.
That image.
Sufficient that she is that.
It's refresh the page.
Chanatry.
They use a.
Yeah, because sometimes I tell you, because sometimes we we are changing this a lot and the service
is always, uh, turning off and turning on, it may be the the the person is not signing.
So this is not available.
So we need to protect it by adding just a question mark here.
So now you shouldn't get any era refresh the page.
But we are getting the correct image now.
So sometimes happens, you know, sometimes because this is just because of the development mode.
But in the production mode, when we have a stable server that is always running, we won't have any
problem.
Even you can remove this question mark, but this is just the in case we put it here.
And instead of this getting this code, what's ahead of heart code if we are going to get the real session
that user Dutch user name?
So this is correct.
I mean, that is the username for this G.M..
And finally, for the button that is hard coded, sign out.
We're going to create.
And click here.
Which just implement the sign out ability.
So now.
That's fresh.
Yeah, we have to protect this one as well.
OK.
Now, refresh.
Now, if you click on sign out, we should sign out and sign in.
We can sign in, for example, with different Gmail, and we should get different username here and
image here as well.
This this one is working perfectly.
The things only need to do.
Things we need to add is here to the image at the beginning of the.
This story part, so we go to a story is.
In this story, as we look through all the stories, the 20.
First, we need to get the.
Session of the.
We did for the previous part, we just say use session.
From.
Next, dash off forward slash react.
And here we can get this fish.
Just say.
Data.
Equal session.
Equals used.
Session.
All right, we got the session now.
We can use it inside the stories, so we have the two stories here.
We want it to be at the beginning.
So the only things we need to do is just to.
At the loop, the loop is here.
Just before the map at.
Our session, we just say if the session existed.
Then, because we don't have any luck.
Not for the ternary we just need, we can use and double and.
And we just say, if this doesn't exist, then make another story.
Component, but this time.
This time just passed this information.
The image would be my.
Session Dot user dot image, which is coming from Google and our session, then we have the user name
which is equal to.
Session.
Well, I think we yeah, we just call it username.
So username is equal to sition dot user dot username.
And also, we want to know this is the user or not, because we want to add the plus sign.
You can see that there is a plus sign.
If I zoom here, there is a plus icon just in front of the image.
So because this one doesn't have we one know that which one is the real user?
So we add only to that one.
So we just need to add another one.
We just say it's user.
And for this one is true.
And the other ones, because they don't have it's automatically would be false, false.
All right, so now we've got all this information.
We go to a story that suggests here we are importing image and username.
And next, let's add the ease user as well.
So we know that is a user or not and.
Here we just.
Instead of just saying the user name.
Actually, we are getting to use a name that is fine.
But for the image.
Uh, yeah, after the image, we just want to add this plus icon and a plus icon, it's comes from the
human costs.
So at the top, we need to import the plus icon.
From.
And, you know, I can't say or react post less solid.
All right, now, we have the plus icon, so here we say if.
The ease user, if the person is the user, then.
If the person is user just at the plus icon.
And the plus icon.
It should be huge now we just need to add the class name and modify it.
Let's see.
It's probably because it's.
Here, let's sign in.
Yeah.
Let me bring this one this far, so you can see it.
So we just make it.
A little bit smaller, but just set the height to be six.
And we want to position this for an absolute.
Absolute.
But if this one is absolute, we want it to be relative to this top div here, we just add a class name
and this one should be relative.
So now we can position this one exactly in the center.
Let's, uh, make it top four.
And left for.
So if it goes exactly in the center, but the color is now black list, change it to white by using
text white.
All right, looks OK.
But no, you can see that the hovering effect is only the image, not the plus sign.
Let's make the hovering effect for all these things.
So in order to do that, we can easily here at the group at the top.
You make a group at the top there and if you send the cursor to pointer cancer, pointed to the top
instead of here.
So we delete this cursor pointer and hover.
In fact.
Instead of just hovering over the image, only we just say if this person comes on the group, anything
here do the hover even now on the user name.
We get the hover effect.
That is happening for everything.
So that's the modification we did to make it better.
So now we have everything working very nice in the next section.
We are going to start with the model parts.
So if you look at the final version, when we click on this plus sign, we see a window opening here.
But in order to have a model, we need to have a global stage because we cannot have a state only on
the header because it's not going to affect in all the websites.
So usually people use the redux for global states and we saved the and the state, the piece of state
inside a store.
But in our case, we're going to use another package a new package called a recoil, which is very powerful
and it's very simple to use, and it doesn't have the complex city of the redux anymore.
And it's going to be a trend soon.
I believe so.
In the next section, we're going to install the recoil and test it.
And after that, we're going to create this model with using the React model package.
First, we just push everything to the guitar.
I put it here.
Can.
Let's stop the server and clear everything.
So now we use the kit and.
And get comments.
It is a lot of things.
And this video was the.
And modify you, modify the.
Mini profile and a story.
Mr.
Just say a story.
Components.
To conclude this session.
Yeah, that was the things we did.
And.
I think we did something else as well.
Yeah, that's yeah, we made it like a responsive as well.
So we we push it to get half.
And we check.
They get how we refresh the page.
And we see what we have done in the fight that yes.
We just made it responsive to the columns instead of having always three columns.
Now we have two columns and the max width of three excel when the decision existed.
And.
In the mini profile, we changed the image and the username based on the real data in the stories.
Also, we changed.
We added another story at the top and we passed the data and.
Inside the story that yes, we added a plus icon and also, yeah, that was the things we did here.
And we added is user as well.
And in next up next, our thought, yes.
We modify decision based and we got the username as well, we added the user name and the user ID to
the callback session, so we can we use already the user name?
But in the following uh, following videos, we're going to use this user ID as well when we are using
the Firebase for restoring our comments like numbers or other other things.
So see you in the next section for the installation of the recoil and testing it.